Mad Tiger and his brother were orphaned after Sun Wukong and Zhu Bajie killed their father, at the time in the Yellow Wind Sage's service. Despite their circumstances, Mad Tiger and his brother were eventually able to use their strength to govern the local Yaoguais. The pair's governance would lead to a newfound peace for the mortals, who gratefully built Crouching Tiger Temple and provided the pair with bountiful tributes. Mad Tiger would be jealous as a result, however, because the villagers only venerated his elder brother as a deity.

When Yellow Wind Sage returned after helping defeat Sun Wukong and took Bodhisattva Lingji's head, Mad Tiger, still furious over their father's demise, urged his brother to oppose Yellow Wind Sage. During the ensuing battle, Mad Tiger was knocked out, and his brother, in exchange for Mad Tiger's life, swore fealty to Yellow Wind Sage and was granted their father's former title. Enraged after learning what had happened while unconscious, Mad Tiger abandoned his brother and took refuge in Sandgate Village's dry well to recover and eventually kill his brother and Yellow Wind Sage.

While practicing his roaring, he attracted the attention of a man whose son had fallen ill thanks to the Samadhi Wind. Mad Tiger posed as his brother and claimed to be a deity and would use his Plaguebane Gourd to heal the son. In exchange for allowing the son use his gourd, Mad Tiger ordered the man to lure in other villagers for him to consume and regain his strength. The son would revitalize, and Mad Tiger gifted his gourd to the family as a gift. As soon as this occurred, the pair's visits to him stopped, and he believed that they had escaped with his gourd.

Mad Tiger would exit his well only to find that the entire village had been slaughtered, and that the son had been beaten to death by the vengeful villagers. Saddened, Mad Tiger took the boy's coffin back to his well alongside the gourd he had previously gifted and would return to his meditation to finally defeat Yellow Wind Sage.
