The husband of Princess Rakshasi, the Bull King was one of many Yaoguai Kings that had sworn brotherhood with Wukong before their rebellion against the Celestial Court. After Wukong was defeated by Buddha of the West, Bull King returned home to find that his wife was pregnant after being forced to drink from the River of Child-Bearing as punishment for her husband's actions. Though he had a good relationship with Red Boy initially, when he learned of his true origins and the pain it caused his mother, Red Boy grew increasingly hostile and no longer treated the Bull King as his father.

Nonetheless, Wukong arrives later on to request for Princess Rakhasi's fan to help in the Tang Monk's journey west. Though Princess Rakhasi is willing to lend her fan, Red Boy flatly refuses. A dumbfounded Bull King is unable to pick a side as Red Boy impulsively challenges Wukong's group and is beaten, which results in Princess Rakhasi reneging on her earlier promise and being attacked while the Bull King's own mistress is killed. It is at this point of rock bottom that Wukong advises his sworn brother to find a good master to serve, as it is the only way out for wicked demons such as themselves.

Unable to control his anger for what happened to his wife and mistress, however, Bull King lashed out to the Heavenly Court and was violently subdued by Heavenly King Li, Nezha, and Wukong. After being subdued and sent to the Celestial Court, Bull King follows Wukong's advise and converts to Buddhism. After a century of practice, Bull King was allowed to finally return home, where he led a much more peaceful and conservative life.

Despite this, the Celestial Court calls him to action once more to fight against Wukong, an act that he is compelled to aid. As Wukong's senses are being split and gifted by Erlang Shen, the Bull King, for making the hardest decision to betray his brother, was given Wukong's body. Though on opposite sides, the Bull King rushed to his old friend as he laid dying, who lamented of the Bull King's poor luck, and warns him that he had also believed that the Celestial Court would've left him alone once he reached enlightenment, but his very presence had always been perceived as a threat.

Bull King returned home depressed and continuously mourned his old friend, becoming weak and sickly; a shell of his former self.
