When the Destined One reaches Purple Cloud Mountain, on his path, he will encounter Hong Yi grieving for her husband and hoping a passerby will be able to find his remains. She would explain that she lived peacefully with her husband, but wicked insects one day attacked them and she was the only survivor. She would like to retrieve his keepsake, but The Scorpionlord isn't allowing it.

When the Destined One reaches the village in Petalfall Hamlet, Daoist Mi greets him, noting that he haven't seen a traveller in a wile. Daoist Mi then explains that an oddity thrives there - the Amourworm. Consuming its eggs, grants great power, but once the larvae hatch, they devour the insides. Daoist Mi's fellow disciples consumed those eggs and now most are beyond saving, however he can't bring himself to end their suffering and requests the Destined One to do so in his stead. He will also request that if Destined One finds any unhatched eggs to bring them to him to try and find a cure.

While defeating the nearby disciples, one of them can drop Violet Hail (Key Item). Upon returning and showing it to Daoist Mi, he would get excited and will want to study it. As he takes it, he tells the Destined One that he was quite kind and would like if he can also leave his head, so that he can please his master by giving it to him. After the Destined One defeats him, Daoist Mi would then consume the Violet Hail to obtain more power.

Once the Destined One defeats Daoist Mi again, he would revert to his normal form. Hong Yi will then come, noting that the mortals are the cause of their own demise. She extracts the Violet Hail from Daoist Mi and gives it to the Destined One, noting that he is different and what poisons them, only strengthens him. Hong Yi will then ask the Destined One to go and defeat The Duskveil as she can't bring herself to do it because she watched him grow up alongside her.

After The Duskveil is defeated, Hong Yi will reveal that she actually came from Mount Li to learn the mysteries of this valley. Another reason why she couldn't kill the Duskveil was due to having ties to his mother. She is then surprised to see that the Destined One has the Blood Stained Needle, but as a token of her gratitude, she stings the Duskveil with it, restoring the Weaver's Needle's power.
