In Woods of Ember, the Destined One will come across a battle between bulls and revenants. Once the Destined One defeats all of them, including Pale-Axe Stalwart, the Pale-Axe Stalwart will apologize and explains he took him for an enemy, but as the vanguard of the Bull King, he is glad that the Destined One is unharmed. Pale-Axe Stalwart will then explains that the king's son, Red Boy, had created "Five Elemental Carts", which are now blocking the paths and will ask him to find a way and destroy them.

The first cart Brown-Iron Cart will be right up the hill. After its defeat and resting at a shrine, Pale-Axe Stalwart will move a few meters.

Continuing on the main path, you will reach Height of Ember Shrine and go through a door on the right wall. The Gray-Bronze Cart will then start attacking from a distance. Continue following the path and after going through a cave, the Destined One will face the Gray-Bronze Cart.

Once two of the carts are defeated, the Destined One can visit Pale-Axe Stalwart in Ashen Pass I. Pale-Axe Stalwart will then note that with the paths secured, they can proceed and that he will join the Destined One soon. After resting at a Shrine, the Pale-Axe Stalwart will disappear.

After reaching Furnace Valley, continue forward and jump right into the lava. The third cart will be a bit forward and to the right. The cart will be already defeated by Ma Tianba. The Destined One can pull its whip three times, which will also move forward Ma Tianba's questline.

Proceeding forward after the Keeper of the Flaming Mountains, the Crimson-Silver Cart will be on the main path. If the Destined One has spoken with Pale-Axe Stalwart after defeating the first two carts, he will be here fighting the cart. If not, once the cart is defeated, he can go back and speak with Pale-Axe Stalwart, who will then move to where the Crimson-Silver Cart was. If he was present during the fight, he will boast how well he performed and how good the fight was. If he was not present, he will be annoyed that the Destined One beat the carts himself and didn't even leave one for him. Pale-Axe Stalwart feels that he is missing something and wonders why the Bishui Beast simply vanished.

As the Destined One reaches the fifth cart, Rusty-Gold Cart in Cooling Slope, he will witness the Pale-Axe Stalwart being defeated by the cart. Once the cart is defeated, Pale-Axe Stalwart will say that the Bull King treated him well, so he doesn't regret dying for him, however he failed his mission. He points out to the Bishui Cave gate and states that the King must have done something reckless for his son and the truth lies beyond the door. As he dies, he states that he went easy on the cart and for the Destined One to stay true. The Destined One can now interact with the door and proceed forward to enter Bishui Cave secret area.
